You also could view this doc from svn in doc directory.

= Features =

* Configure the ipsec-based VPN easily.
* Monitor the status when the VPN server is running.
* Monitor the traffic when connecting.
* Decode the ESP packet.(TBD)

= TODO =

* racoon.conf file analyzing, classify general options and advanced options.
  The gerneral options should be used frequently and advanced option don't
  change ofen.

* The GUI's design with glade
 * Configuring and Monitoring interface, should be in different tabs.
   1) When in Configuring interface, user could:
   * Two seperated tabs for Server and Client mode, need to check what's the
     difference between the two modes, some option could use same controls.
   * Let user view a simple interface with the general option, also they could
     configure advanced option with another pop interface, such as a dialog.
   * Tooltips collect, some terminology is very hard to understand, so we need
     a understandable tooltips to help user's configuration.

   2) When in Monitoring interface, user could:
   * The error log of Server and Client, such as wrong configuration.
   * The log of connection when in Server mode, could view the connected
     client's information, such as client ip, connection time, etc.

 * Connect and disconnect interface for client, such as button, menu.
 * Start and Stop interface for server, such as button, menu.

* Let application running from YaST (just for SUSE release).
 * Should be in the "Network Services" Group, just for Server configuration.

* The ncurse interface in terminal.
 * It's same with the GUI, need learn about the ncurse api.

= Note =

* Need sudo permission to run the application, we need run the racoon daemon
  in root permission, also set the DNS, ip address when using in client mode.

* Provide the "--client, --server and --monitor" parameter for this program
  so that user could decide the running mode.

= References =

* http://www.netbsd.org/docs/network/ipsec/rasvpn.html
* http://www.gtk.org/
* http://www.gnu.org/software/ncurses/
* http://glade.gnome.org/